[Music]
twenty-one invaluable kitchen hacks few
people know of did you know that boiling
pasta and frying eggs might be even
easier than they already are
today we've gathered together some light
hacks for preparing food cleaning and
organizing your cooking space some of
them you may have never suspected at all
[Music]
cooking hacks number one how to remove
seeds from vegetables quickly to quickly
remove seeds from pumpkins or zucchinis
you can use an ice cream scoop
[Music]
it's sharp edge easily scrapes out seeds
from veggies you can also use it to make
a thinly sliced salad number two how to
remove excess fat from cooked food if a
dish you've cooked turns out to be
unexpectedly rich you can easily remove
excess fat using a couple of ice cubes
and a paper towel wrap the ice in the
towel and wipe it over the top of the
food the ice will act as a magnet
drawing floating fat towards it to
congeal on the tissue
[Music]
number three use film wrap like a
professional chef does your plastic wrap
stretch unevenly and rip keep it in the
fridge like professional chefs do cold
food wrap behaves better sticking and
tearing less
leading to less of that familiar feeling
of exasperation number four peel citrus
fruits easily is peeling oranges lemons
or satsumas a hard process for you you
don't want to ruin your manicure digging
into that thick rind right stick them in
the microwave for 20 seconds and it will
become much easier to separate these
fruits from new wrappings
[Music]
number five make peeling boiled eggs
easier add soda or vinegar to the water
you boil the eggs in these substances
get inside the shells and make it easier
to peel them off number six how to
squeeze more juice out of your citrus
fruits to squeeze the last drops out of
the lemon first cool the fruit in the
fridge and then zap it in the microwave
for 15 to 20 seconds
number seven how to grape soft cheese
with less mess bring it in the freezer
for half an hour before grating the
cheese hardens and doesn't stick to the
grater it's easier to sprinkle it to
[Music]
number eight how to cut onions without
tears the freezer will help you here to
put the onions in for 30 minutes before
chopping them however keep in mind that
it's only was doing this if you plan to
cook the onions don't subject them to
this treatment if you want to make a
salad with them or they'll lose their
crunch number nine the smart way to boil
pasta
[Music]
if you don't want the pot to boil over
while you're not watching it put a
wooden spoon or stirrer over the top the
wood will stop the foam from going over
the edge
[Music]
number 10 how to roast a whole chicken
when you roast a chicken hole lay it on
its breast the breast contains most of
the meat the closer it is to the source
of heat the quicker it will cook through
number 11 parchment paper for cupcakes
if you don't have special moulds for
cupcakes use parchment paper instead
this method has the added benefit of
producing non-standard cupcakes which
look much more interesting number 12 the
right way to warm up baked items when
warming up pizza or other baked items in
the microwave put a cup of water in
alongside it the moisture will stop the
pastry from drying out too much and
preserve crunchy crust
number thirteen making perfect basted
eggs break the eggs into a pan as if
you're going to fry them but instead of
vegetable oil add some water and then
put the pan on the heater as a result
you'll get the perfect eggs with liquid
yolk storage hacks
[Music]
number one how to keep cooking curbs if
you freeze herbes in an ice cube tray
their vitamin content is preserved far
squeezing them in water or olive oil
number two the right way to store
shelled nuts free shelled nuts to
preserve their nutritional properties
taste and aroma pack them into sealed
containers before placing them in the
freezer it isn't worth roasted pecans
first or there'll be no good for
anything the nuts must be raw and
unprocessed nuts kept this way won't
acquire the bitter aftertaste of shelled
nuts which have been hanging around at
room temperature for a while cleaning
hockey number one the right way to clean
a cast-iron frying pan to stop a
cast-iron frying pan from rusting over
time avoid washing it using regular
dishwashing liquid
[Music]
nice table salt instead this method will
also rid the pan of persistent odors
from spices used during cooking
[Music]
number two how to rid your hands of
unpleasant odors to remove stubborn
garlic or onion odors from your hands
use table salt or lemon just rub them
into your hands and rinse with water
[Music]
number three how to return metal
kitchenware to its previous shine to
restore Sheen to stainless steel
kitchenware wash it in a mixture of
vinegar and water if there are no metal
parts a better effect can be achieved by
soaking overnight in the same mixture
number four for storing wooden spoons to
life over time wooden spoons and
spatulas lose their looks and acquire an
unpleasant odor it would seem that the
only thing to do is Chuck them out
however if you are loath to part with
your favorite kitchen helper there is a
way out
oil the wooden spoons in plain water and
leave them to dry in the Sun this will
remove unpleasant odors and give them a
new lease on life number five the right
way the clean wouldn't chopping boards
to remove odors and food residues from
wooden chopping boards well then with a
coarse grain salt and leave for 10 to 15
minutes then wipe with a lemon and dry
this procedure is guaranteed to get rid
of unpleasant smells
number six how to keep your recipes
clean when we cook we often use a recipe
book or our own notes it can be a bit
difficult to put the book on the worktop
open on the right page without getting
it splashed and stained to protect
cookbooks from this fate use a regular
trouser hanger to keep the book open on
the page you need and suspend it over
the work surface where it'll be quite
safe do you know other helpful life
hacks share them in the comments don't
forget to hit the like button below the
video and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]